PlayStation®5
Quick Start Guide 
CFI-2016 1000040697
2
Let’s get started
1 Insert the horizontal stand feet into the hole 
in the grooves of the PlayStation®5 console. 
Always attach the feet to your PS5® console before use. 
Place your console on a soft cloth spread over a flat 
surface before attaching the feet.
Console with disc drive installed
Console without disc drive installed
If you want to set your PS5 console in the vertical position, you’ll 
need to use the vertical stand (sold separately).
Bottom view
Bottom view
2 Connect the HDMI cable and the AC power 
cord.
Use the included cables.
Make all connections before plugging the AC power cord 
into an electricity supply.
The following illustrations all show the console with the disc 
drive installed.
HDMI IN port HDMI OUT port
HDMI™ cable
To an electricity supply 
AC IN connector
AC power cord
Rear view
3
Let’s get started 
3 Connect the LAN cable.
For a wired connection to the internet, use a LAN cable 
(not included).
If you’re going to use Wi-Fi®, don’t connect a LAN cable 
and skip to the next step.
4 Turn on your TV and set the input  
to HDMI.
Rear view
LAN port
5 Turn on your PS5 console by pressing the  
 (power) button.
The power indicator blinks blue, and then turns white.
If you leave the console idle for 60 seconds after you turn it on, 
the screen reader turns on. You can listen to on-screen text and 
other important information read aloud to help you accomplish 
what you want to do.
Screen reader is available only in certain languages.
Front view
Power indicator
 (power) button
4
Let’s get started 
6 Connect your DualSense® wireless controller 
to your console and press the  (PS) button.
To pair your controller, connect it with a USB cable to the 
USB port on your console. When you press the  (PS) 
button, the controller turns on.
 
USB Type-C® port USB port
 (PS) button
USB cable
Front view
7 Make it your own.
You’re almost done! Follow the on-screen instructions to 
complete the initial setup.
• Set up your account 
Make a new account or sign in with an existing account. 
By signing in with your existing account, you can access 
your PlayStation®Plus subscription, as well as friends, 
trophies, and other account information. 
• Transfer data from another console 
If you have a PlayStation®4 console or another PS5 
console, you can transfer data to your new console by 
signing in with an existing account.
You’ll know that setup is complete when Welcome to 
PlayStation 5 appears on your screen. 
Will a child be using your PS5 console? See also “Parental 
controls” (page 5).
• The setup options that you see are tailored to your needs, 
based on information such as your network environment and 
the account that you’re signed into.
• You can go back and change any of your settings by selecting 
Settings  from the home screen.
5
Parental controls
You can manage settings for children who use your PS5 
console. Parental controls let you set restrictions on the 
games children can play, when and how long they play, 
whether or not they can chat, and more.
Each adult ( ) and child ( ) will need their own separate 
accounts. When you create an account for a child, it’s 
automatically linked to your account, creating a family. You 
can set parental controls only for children in your family.
You can use an existing account, such as one you created on a PS4™ 
console, for your PS5 console. Your family and parental control settings 
will carry over to your PS5 console.
Create an account for a child
You can create a child account and set parental controls at 
the same time.
Press the  (PS) button to open the control centre. Select 
your profile picture, then select Switch User. From the user 
selection screen, select Add User to create an account.
Review and change your parental control settings
We recommend that you check the child’s parental controls 
regularly. You can review or update them by selecting 
Settings  > Family and Parental Controls from the home 
screen.
6
Parental controls
Game rating icons
Each game comes with a game rating icon that helps you 
determine whether it’s age-appropriate for the child.
Europe, Africa and India
Player’s Age 3 and 
above
7 and 
above
12 and 
above
16 and 
above
18 and 
above
Game Age 
Rating
Germany
Player’s Age 0 and 
above
6 and 
above
12 and 
above
16 and 
above
18 and 
above
Game Age 
Rating
Find out more about parental control features and setup in the User’s 
Guide (page 12).
7
What’s on the screen
Home screen
From the home screen, you can go to two types of content: games or media.
In the games home, you’ll find your games, PlayStation™Store, and other game-related apps. 
In the media home, you’ll find music, video, and other non-game related apps.
Switch home screens
Switch between games and media.
Search, change your settings, and edit your 
profile.
Hub
Learn more about the game or app you 
selected, and find related information.
• On the PS5 console, the  button confirms selected items.
• To return to the home screen while your game or app is running, select Home  from 
the control centre, or press and hold the  (PS) button on your controller.
8
What’s on the screen 
Control centre
Press the  (PS) button to open the control centre. 
You can access a variety of features without leaving your game or app. 
Cards
Cards show you features and activities related 
to your games and apps that are available 
depending on what you’re doing at that 
moment. Select a card to learn more, or jump 
to the next card.
Controls
Select Home  to return to your home screen, 
and Power  to turn off your PS5 console. 
Perform other basic functions here, too.
Get quick access to the functions and settings 
you use most during gameplay.
9
Let’s play
Play a digital game
You can play a game that you downloaded from 
PlayStation Store .
You’ll get a notification when the game is downloaded and 
ready to play.
Select the game from your games home.
• To purchase and download games, you’ll need to connect your 
console to the internet and sign in with your account.
• PlayStation™Network and PlayStation Store subject to terms of 
use and country and language restrictions. Users are responsible 
for internet service fees. Charges apply for some content and/or 
services. 
Users must be 7 years or older and users under 18 require parental 
consent. Additional age restrictions may apply. Service availability 
is not guaranteed. Online features of specific games may be 
withdrawn on reasonable notice - playstation.com/gameservers/. 
Full terms apply: PSN Terms of Service at playstation.com/legal/.
Play a game from a disc
(Only for consoles with disc drive installed)
Insert the disc. 
Game data will begin to install, and you’ll receive a 
notification when the game is ready to play. 
Select the game from your games home.
Eject the disc
Press the  (eject) button to eject the disc.
Front view
 (eject) button
10
Use your controller
Charge your controller
With your PS5 console turned on or in rest mode, use a USB 
cable to connect your controller to the console. When your 
console is in rest mode, the light bar on your controller slowly 
blinks orange. After charging is complete, the light bar turns 
off.
To charge your controller while your console is in rest mode, go to 
Settings  > System > Power Saving > Features Available in Rest 
Mode > Supply Power to USB Ports, and select an option other than 
Off.
Mute your microphone
Each time you press the mute button, your mic switches 
between muted (button lit) and unmuted (button off).
Press and hold the mute button to mute your mic and to 
turn off sound output from the speakers on your controller 
and TV. Press the mute button again to return to the original 
state.
Mute button
Microphones
Lit :  Mic is muted
Off :  Mic is unmuted
Blinking :   Mic and sound 
output are muted
Use multiple controllers
You can use up to 4 controllers at once. Press the  (PS) 
button to assign numbers to your controllers. The player 
indicator lights turn on accordingly. Numbers are assigned 
in order from 1, and you can determine your controller’s 
number by the number of lights that turn on.
Light bar
Player indicator
 (PS) button
• You’ll need to pair your controller when you use it for the first time 
(page 4).
• When you play a PS4 game, your controller’s light bar glows 
blue, red, green, or pink based on the order that the controller is 
connected. This is separate from the player indicator.
Turn on your PS5 console with a controller
Press the  (PS) button on a controller that has finished 
pairing to turn on your PS5 console.
11
Shutting down
 Caution
Disconnect the AC power cord from the electricity supply only when 
the power indicator is off. If you disconnect it while the power 
indicator is on solidly or blinking, data might be lost or become 
corrupted, and you might damage your console.
Put your console in rest mode
Your PS5 console’s power saving mode is called rest 
mode. You can do things like charge your controller via 
the console’s USB ports, automatically update your system 
software, and keep your game or app suspended while 
powered down. To find out which rest mode settings are 
optimal for you, see the User’s Guide (page 12).
For some features, you’ll need to enable their settings to use them. 
Go to Settings  > System > Power Saving > Features Available in 
Rest Mode.
Select Power  from the control centre, and then select 
Enter Rest Mode. The power indicator blinks white, and then 
turns orange. To exit rest mode, press the  (PS) button.
Turn off your console completely
Select Power  from the control centre, and then select 
Turn Off PS5. The power indicator blinks white, and then the 
console turns off.
Power indicator
White Console is on.
Orange Console is in rest mode.
Off Console is off.
12
Further information
Safety Guide
Learn how to use your PS5 console safely with the supplied 
Safety Guide. This printed manual also contains product 
warranty terms and information about specifications. Be sure 
to read it before using your console.
User’s Guide
Find out about everything your PS5 console can do. Learn 
how to configure settings and how to use each function.
From your PS5 console’s home screen, go to Settings  >  
User’s Guide, Health and Safety, and Other Information > 
User’s Guide.
Customer Support Website
Find online support information such as step by step 
troubleshooting and frequently asked questions by visiting 
playstation.com/help/.
“ ”, “PlayStation”, “ ”, “PS5”, “PS4”, “DualSense” and “PlayStation Shapes Logo”  
are registered trademarks or trademarks of Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc.
“SONY” and “ ” are registered trademarks or trademarks of Sony Group Corporation.
The terms HDMI, HDMI High-Definition Multimedia Interface, HDMI Trade dress and the 
HDMI Logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing Administrator, Inc.
USB-IF SuperSpeed USB Trident logo is a registered trademark of USB Implementers  
Forum, Inc. 
USB Type-C® and USB-C® are registered trademarks of USB Implementers Forum.
Wi-Fi® is a registered trademark of Wi-Fi Alliance®.
Design and specifications are subject to change without notice.
Information about system functionality and images published in this document may vary 
from those for your console, depending on the system software version in use. Also, the 
illustrations and screen images used in this guide may vary from the actual product.
The information contained in this guide is subject to change without notice.



© 2023 Sony Interactive Entertainment Europe Limited. XXXXX