CFI-1216A
PlayStation®5
Safety Guide
7035249
2
WARNING
Electrical shock
To avoid electrical shock, do not open the enclosure. Refer servicing to 
qualified personnel only.
Laser
This appliance is classified as a CLASS 1 LASER product under IEC60825-1:2014. 
CONSUMER LASER PRODUCT  
EN 50689:2021
Caution
Use of controls or adjustments or performance of procedures other than 
those specified herein may result in hazardous radiation exposure.
The use of optical instruments with this product will increase eye hazard.
Moving fan blades
Keep body parts away from fan blades.
Seizures induced by light stimulation (Photosensitive Epilepsy)
If you have an epileptic condition or have had seizures, consult your doctor prior to 
using this console. 
Some individuals are sensitive to flashing or flickering lights or geometric shapes and 
patterns, may have an undetected epileptic condition and may experience epileptic 
seizures when playing videogames or watching video content. 
DISCONTINUE USE IMMEDIATELY and consult your doctor if you experience any of the 
following health problems or symptoms when exposed to flashing or flickering lights or 
other light stimulation whilst playing video games or watching video content: eye 
soreness, altered vision, migraine, muscle twitching, convulsion or other involuntary 
movements, blackout, loss of awareness, confusion, or disorientation.
In addition to the above, DISCONTINUE USE IMMEDIATELY when you experience 
any of the following symptoms: headache, dizziness, nausea, fatigue, similar 
symptoms to motion sickness, or discomfort or pain in any body part such as eyes, ears, 
hands, arms or feet whilst playing. If the condition persists, seek medical attention.
Radio waves
Radio waves may affect electronic equipment or medical devices (for example, 
pacemakers), which may cause malfunctions and possible injuries.
• If you use a pacemaker or other medical device, consult your doctor or the 
manufacturer of your medical device before using the wireless networking feature 
(Bluetooth® and wireless LAN).
• Do not use the wireless networking feature in the following locations:
 – Areas where wireless network use is prohibited, such as in hospitals. Abide by 
medical institution regulations when using the console on their premises.
 – Areas near fire alarms, automatic doors and other types of automated equipment.
Magnets
These products have magnets which may interfere with pacemakers, defibrillators and 
programmable shunt valves or other medical devices. Do not place these products close 
to such medical devices or persons who use such medical devices. Consult your doctor 
before using these products if you use such medical devices.
Use of Headsets or Headphones
Permanent hearing loss may occur if headsets or headphones (not included) are used at 
high volume. Set the volume to a safe level. Over time, increasingly loud audio may start 
to sound normal but can actually be damaging to your hearing. If you experience 
ringing or any discomfort in your ears or muffled speech, stop listening and have your 
hearing checked. The louder the volume, the sooner your hearing could be affected. 
Lithium batteries
WARNING: This console contains a lithium button / coin cell battery.
•	 The battery is hazardous. New or used batteries should be kept out of 
reach of children.
•	 If swallowed or placed inside any part of the body the lithium button cell 
battery can cause severe or fatal injuries in 2 hours or less.
•	 If you think the battery may have been swallowed or placed inside any 
part of the body, you must seek immediate medical attention.
Do not handle damaged or leaking lithium-ion batteries. If the internal battery fluid 
leaks, stop using the product immediately and contact technical support for assistance. 
If the fluid gets on to your clothes, skin or into your eyes, immediately rinse the affected 
area with clean water and consult your physician. The battery fluid can cause blindness. 
3
Compliance
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits set out in the EU 
RE Directive and UK RE Regulation. Only use cables that are either a) supplied with the 
equipment, b) official PlayStation accessories or c) less than 3 metres in length.
This product has been manufactured by or on behalf of Sony Interactive Entertainment 
Inc., 1-7-1 Konan Minato-ku Tokyo, 108-0075 Japan.
Imported into the United Kingdom and distributed by Sony Interactive Entertainment 
Europe Limited, 10 Great Marlborough Street, London, W1F 7LP, United Kingdom.
Inquiries related to product compliance in the UK should be sent to the manufacturer’s 
authorised representative, Sony Europe B.V., The Heights, Brooklands, Weybridge, 
Surrey KT13 0XW, United Kingdom.
Imported into Europe and distributed by (except the UK) Sony Interactive Entertainment 
Ireland Limited, 2nd Floor, 2/3 Rogers Lane, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Inquiries related to product compliance in the EU should be sent to the manufacturer’s 
authorised representative, Sony Belgium, bijkantoor van Sony Europe B.V., 
Da Vincilaan 7-D1, 1930 Zaventem, Belgium.
FOR CUSTOMERS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM
A moulded plug complying with BS1363 is fitted to this equipment for your safety and 
convenience. Should the fuse in the plug supplied need to be replaced, a 5AMP fuse 
approved by ASTA or BSI to BS1362, (i.e., marked with  or  mark) must be used.  
If the plug supplied with this equipment has a detachable fuse cover, be sure to attach 
the fuse cover after you change the fuse. Never use the plug without the fuse cover.  
If you should lose the fuse cover, please contact your nearest Sony service station.
RE Directive “Informal DoC” statement
Hereby, Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc., declares that this product is in compliance 
with the essential requirements and other relevant provisions of Directive 2014/53/EU.  
For details, please access the following URL: https://compliance.sony.eu
UK RE Regulation “Informal DoC” statement
Hereby, Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc., declares that this product is in compliance 
with the relevant statutory requirements. For details, please access the following URL: 
https://compliance.sony.co.uk
This radio equipment is intended to be used with the approved version(s) of software 
that are indicated in the EU/UK Declaration of Conformity. The software loaded on this 
radio equipment is verified to comply with the essential requirements of the Directive 
2014/53/EU and Regulation S.I. 2017 No.1206. The software version can be found via: 
Select Settings  > System > System Software > Console Information.
Wireless frequency band and maximum output power:
– Bluetooth® 2.4 GHz: less than 10 mW
– WLAN 2.4 GHz: less than 100 mW
– WLAN 5 GHz: W52/W53/W56: less than 100 mW, W58: less than 25 mW
This radio equipment was evaluated as receiver category 1 
defined in EN 300 440 V2.1.1.
Product Ecodesign
For resource and energy efficiency information related to the EU Ecodesign 
requirements of the Regulation (EU) No 801/2013 and also the European Union 
Self-Regulatory Initiative to further improve the energy efficiency of Games Consoles 
(recognised under COM(2015) 178 final report of the European Commission), visit the 
following URL: playstation.com/Ecodesign
For resource and energy efficiency information related to The Ecodesign for Energy-
Related Products and Energy Information (amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 and 
also the UK Games Console Voluntary Agreement, visit the following URL: playstation.
com/Ecodesign
Product disposal
Where you see either symbol on any of our electrical products, batteries or packaging,  
it indicates that the relevant electrical product or battery should not be disposed of as 
general household waste in the EU, UK, Turkey, or other countries with separate waste 
collection systems available. To ensure correct waste treatment, please dispose of them 
via an authorised collection facility, in accordance with any applicable laws or 
requirements. Waste electrical products and batteries may also be disposed of free of 
charge via retailers when buying a new product of the same type. Furthermore, within 
the UK and EU countries larger retailers may accept small waste electronic products free 
of charge. Please ask your local retailer if this service is available for the products you 
wish to dispose of. In so doing, you will help to conserve natural resources and improve 
standards of environmental protection in treatment and disposal of electrical waste.
This symbol may be used on batteries in combination with additional chemical symbols. 
The chemical symbol for lead (Pb) will appear if the battery contains more than  
0.004% lead.
This product contains a battery which is permanently built-in for safety, performance  
or data integrity reasons. The battery should not need to be replaced during the lifetime 
of the product and should only be removed by skilled service personnel. To ensure the 
correct waste treatment of the battery, please dispose of this product as electrical waste.
4
System software
Use of this PlayStation®5 console means acceptance of Sony Interactive Entertainment 
Inc.'s system software licence agreement. Refer to doc.dl.playstation.net/doc/ps5-eula/ 
for further details. 
If you cannot update over the internet, you can also use a game disc or USB drive.  
For details, visit playstation.com/system-software.
By updating the system software of the PS5™ console, you can enjoy additional 
features, improved usability, and enhanced security. Always update to the latest version.
To learn how to update from your PS5 console, go to the home screen, select  
Settings  > User’s Guide, Health and Safety, and Other Information > User’s Guide. 
5
Contents
WARNING ........................................................................................................2
Compliance .....................................................................................................3
System software .............................................................................................4
Precautions.....................................................................................................6
Remove and attach covers  ............................................................................9
Install an M.2 SSD .........................................................................................10
Specifications ................................................................................................13
Copyright and trademarks ........................................................................... 14
6
Precautions
Before using this product, carefully read this manual and retain it for future reference. 
Parents and guardians of children should read this manual and make sure that children 
follow all safety precautions.
Safety
This product has been designed with the highest concern for safety. However, any 
electrical device, if used improperly, has the potential for causing fire, electrical shock  
or personal injury. To help ensure accident-free operation, follow these guidelines.
Observe all warnings, precautions, and instructions. If you are unsure about any 
information in this manual, contact the appropriate PlayStation® customer service 
helpline which can be found within the Guarantee booklet.
Use of the AC power cord
• Regularly inspect the AC power cord for damage and dust build-up around the power 
plug or electricity supply.
• Stop use, unplug the AC power cord from the electricity supply and disconnect any 
other cables immediately if the device functions in an abnormal manner, produces 
unusual sounds or smells or becomes too hot to touch.
Use of the vibration of the wireless controller
• If the wireless controller is sitting on a flat surface, the vibration of the wireless 
controller during gameplay may cause it to fall, leading to injury or malfunction.
• Do not use the vibration or trigger effect function if you have any ailment or injury to 
the bones, joints or muscles of your hands or arms. If you have an ailment or an injury, 
do not play titles with these features using the controller unless you have set those 
functions to “Off”. To enable or disable the features, select Settings  > Accessories 
from the home screen. 
Use of the cover
• Do not use the console without the cover. Doing so may cause fire, electrical shock,  
or malfunction.
Young children injuries
• Keep this product out of the reach of young children. Young children may swallow 
small parts or may wrap the cables around themselves, which may inflict injury or 
cause an accident or a malfunction.
Volume level
• To protect your hearing. limit the amount of time you use the headset or headphones 
at high volume.
• Avoid raising the volume to block out noisy surroundings.
• Lower the volume if you can't hear people speaking near you.
Console use and handling 
Console location
• The console should be installed and operated with a minimum distance of 20 cm 
away from your body.
• Do not use the console in a closed cabinet or other locations where heat may  
build up. Doing so may cause the console to overheat and may lead to fire, injury  
or malfunction.
• If the console becomes too hot, you will see a notification message on your screen. 
Continued use while the message displays may lead to the console becoming 
non-operational. If you see the message, turn off the console and wait until it cools 
down. After the console cools down, move it to a well-ventilated location that is not 
subject to high temperatures. Check to make sure the console vents are not blocked, 
and if you installed an M.2 SSD to the console, be sure that the heat-dissipation parts 
haven’t detached from the M.2 SSD. See “Install an M.2 SSD” (  page 10) for more 
information on heat-dissipation parts.
• Do not expose the console, accessories or battery to high temperatures, high humidity 
or direct sunlight during operation, transportation and storage.
Well-lit area
• Use in a well-lit area and keep a safe distance from the TV screen.
Breaks
• Avoid prolonged use of the console. Take a 15-minute break during each hour of play.
• Avoid playing when you are tired or need sleep.
• Stop using the console immediately if you begin to feel tired or if you experience 
discomfort or pain in your hands or arms while operating the wireless controller. If the 
condition persists, consult a doctor.
• If you experience any of the following health problems, discontinue use of the console 
immediately. If symptoms persist, consult a doctor.
 – Dizziness, nausea, fatigue or symptoms similar to motion sickness
 – Discomfort or pain in a part of the body, such as eyes, ears, hands or arms
Liquid, dust, smoke and steam
• Do not touch product during an electrical storm.
• Do not use the product near water.
• Do not allow liquid, small particles or other foreign objects to get into the product.
• Do not expose product to dust, smoke or steam. Also, do not place the console in  
an area subject to excessive dust or cigarette smoke. Dust build-up or cigarette  
smoke residue on the internal components (such as the lens) may cause the console 
to malfunction.
Use of the base
• Use the included base to set up the console as directed. If you do not use the base 
and set up the console in ways other than directed, there is a risk of injury, damage, 
or malfunction. For instructions on attaching the base, see the Quick Start Guide.
7
• Where you set up the console in a vertical position, you’ll need to secure the base to 
the console with the screw. After using the console, the screw may get hot. Be careful 
when removing the base or carrying the console immediately after use.
Use of the cover
• Do not use the console without the cover. Doing so may cause fire, electrical shock, or 
malfunction. Do not remove the cover of the console immediately after use. The main 
unit of your PS5 console may still be hot immediately after use, and continued 
handling with the cover off may cause burns. If you need to remove the cover, turn off 
your PS5 console, unplug the AC power cord and cables, and wait for it to cool down.
Placing and handling
• Be careful when carrying the console. If you do not have a good grip, the console may 
drop causing potential damage or injury. Do not carry the console by the cover only. 
When attaching the base to the console, hold the console securely and not by the 
cover only.
• Do not move or change the position of the console with a disc inserted. The vibration 
may result in scratching of the disc or the console.
• Do not move the console or adjust its position when the power indicator is lit  
or blinking. Data may be lost or corrupted, or the console may be damaged.
• Do not stand on or put objects on the console, and do not stack the console with 
other devices. 
• Do not place the console and connected accessories on the floor or in a place where 
they may cause someone to trip or stumble.
• Do not touch the connectors of the console or accessories.
Power off
• Do not turn off the console while data is being saved on or loaded from the SSD  
or USB drives.
• Do not remove the AC power cord from the electricity supply until the power indicator 
has turned off. If you disconnect the AC power cord while the power indicator is lit  
or blinking, data may be lost or corrupted, or the console may be damaged.
Low-temperature burns
• Do not allow bodily contact with the console or air from the console vents for an 
extended period of time while in use. Extended contact under these conditions may 
cause low-temperature burns.
Static shock
• When using headsets or headphones in particularly dry air conditions, you may 
sometimes experience a small and quick (static) shock on your ears. This is a result  
of static electricity accumulated in the body, and is not a malfunction of your headset 
or headphones.
Safe use for children
• Parents are encouraged to monitor children in online activities to ensure safe and 
responsible internet usage. Refer to playstation.com/safety for further details.
Vents
Do not block any vents. To maintain good ventilation, follow the guidelines below:
• Place the console at least 10 cm away from a wall surface.
• Do not place on a carpet or rug with long fibres.
• Do not place in a narrow or cramped space.
• Do not cover with cloth.
• Do not allow dust to build up on the vents. Use a cleaning tool such as a handheld 
vacuum cleaner to remove dust buildup. 
It is also recommended to remove the covers, and then use a handheld vacuum 
cleaner to remove the dust trapped underneath. For details on covers, see “Remove 
and attach covers” (  page 9).
Storage conditions
Placing the console, AC power cord, battery or accessories during operation, 
transportation and storage in the following locations may cause fire, electrical shock, 
injury, damage, or malfunction. 
• An area exposed to smoke, steam or excessive dust.
• An area subject to high humidity direct sunlight or any other area subject to high 
temperatures, such as near heating equipment or an area where heat may build up.
• A surface that is unstable, tilted or subject to vibration.
Wireless controller use
Built-in battery
• Caution – using the built-in battery:
 – The wireless controller contains a Lithium-Ion rechargeable battery.
 – Before using the wireless controller, read all instructions for handling and charging 
the battery and follow them carefully.
 – Take extra care when handling the battery. Misuse can cause fire and burns.
 – Never attempt to open, crush, heat or set fire to the battery.
 – Do not leave the battery charging for a prolonged period of time when the wireless 
controller is not in use.
 – Always dispose of used batteries in accordance with local laws or requirements.
Motion sensor
• When using the motion sensor function of the wireless controller, be cautious of the 
following points. If the controller hits a person or object, it may cause accidental injury 
or damage.
 – Before using the motion sensor function, make sure you have enough space  
to move around.
 – Firmly grip the wireless controller to prevent it from slipping out of your grasp and 
causing damage or injury.
8
 – If using a wireless controller that is connected to the PS5 console with a USB cable, 
make sure there is enough space for the cable so that the cable will not hit a person 
or object. 
Compatibility
• Controllers intended for use with PlayStation®, PlayStation®2, and PlayStation®3 
consoles, such as the analogue controllers (DUALSHOCK® and DUALSHOCK®2) and the 
DUALSHOCK®3 wireless controller, are not compatible with the PS5 console. The 
DUALSHOCK®4 wireless controller is compatible with PlayStation®4 format software  
on the PS5 console, but not with PS5 format software on the PS5 console.
Light bar
• Do not stare at the light bar on the controller when it is blinking. If you experience 
discomfort or pain anywhere in or on your body from light stimulation, discontinue 
use immediately.
Charging
• Charge in an environment where the temperature range is between 10 °C and 30 °C. 
Charging may not be as effective when performed in other environments.
• When the wireless controller is not used for an extended period of time, it is 
recommended that you fully charge it at least once a year in order to maintain battery 
functionality.
Limited lifespan
• The battery has a limited lifespan. Battery duration will gradually decrease with 
repeated usage and age. Battery life also varies depending on the storage method, 
usage state, environment and other factors.
AC power cord use
• To help ensure safe operation, regularly inspect the AC power cord. If damaged, stop 
use immediately and contact the appropriate PlayStation® customer service helpline 
which can be found within the guarantee booklet.
• Do not use a power cord other than the included AC power cord. The AC power cord  
is designed specifically for use with this console only, and should not be used with 
other electrical devices.
• Do not touch the plug of the AC power cord with wet hands.
• Protect the AC power cord from being walked on or pinched particularly at plugs, 
expansion receptacles and the point where the cord exits from the console.
• Do not place heavy items on the cord.
• Do not place the AC power cord near heating equipment and do not expose the cord 
to heat.
• Do not connect the AC power cord to a voltage transformer or inverter. Connecting  
the AC power cord to a voltage transformer for overseas travel or an inverter for use  
in an automobile may cause heat to build up in the console and may cause burns  
or a malfunction.
• Do not allow dust or foreign matter to build up around the AC IN connector. Before 
connecting or plugging in the AC power cord, check that there is no dust or foreign 
matter in or on the power plug or connecting end of the cord, the electricity supply  
or the AC IN connector on the console rear. If the plug or connector becomes dirty, 
wipe off with a dry cloth before connecting.
• Unplug the AC power cord from the electricity supply before cleaning or moving the 
console, or before removing the cover from the console. You should unplug the AC 
power cord when you do not intend to use the console for an extended period of time.
• When disconnecting, grasp the AC power cord by the plug and pull straight out of the 
electricity supply. Never pull by the cord and do not pull out at an angle.
Never disassemble or modify the console or accessories
Use the console and accessories according to the instructions in the product 
documentation. No authorisation for the analysis or modification of the console  
or accessories, or the analysis and use of its circuit configurations, is provided. 
Unauthorised modification of the console or accessories will void your warranty.  
There are no user serviceable components inside the console. Additionally, there  
is a risk of exposure to laser radiation as well as to electrical shock.
Network
• An internet connection is required to connect to a network.
• You are responsible for internet service fees. For details, refer to the information 
provided in your service contract or contact your internet service provider.
• Use only an Ethernet cable compatible with 10BASE-T, 100BASE-TX or 1000BASE-T 
networks. Do not use a cord for a standard residential telephone line or cables of 
types other than those mentioned here. Using the wrong type of cord or cable can 
cause more electrical current than necessary to flow through the LAN port, which may 
lead to heat build-up, fire or malfunction.
Wireless networking feature
• The frequencies used by the wireless networking feature of the console are the  
2.4 GHz (WLAN, Bluetooth®)/5 GHz (WLAN) ranges. The 2.4 GHz range of radio waves 
is shared by various devices. The console has been designed to minimise the effect of 
other devices using the same range. However, in some cases, interference from other 
devices may reduce the connection speed, shorten the signal range, or cause the 
connection to be terminated unexpectedly.
• Operation in the 5150-5350 MHz band is restricted to indoor use only. Installations  
in road vehicles, trains and aircraft are not permitted for 5250-5350 MHz band.
• When using the console scan function to select a wireless LAN access point, access 
points that are not intended for public use may be displayed. Only connect to an 
access point that you are authorised to use, or one that is available through a public 
wireless LAN or hotspot service.
9
Moisture condensation
If the console or disc is brought directly from a cold location to a warm one, moisture 
may condense on the lens inside the console or on the disc. Should this occur, the 
console may not operate properly. In this case, remove the disc and turn off and  
unplug the console. Do not put the disc back in until the moisture evaporates (this  
may take several hours). If the console still does not operate properly, contact the 
appropriate PlayStation® customer service helpline which can be found within the 
guarantee booklet.
Cleaning
For safety reasons, before cleaning the console or connected accessories, disconnect 
the AC power cord from the electricity supply.
Exterior surfaces (plastic cover of console and wireless controller)
• Wipe down with a soft, dry cloth.
• To prevent the surface of your console or peripherals from changing colour and 
quality, follow the guidelines below.
 – Do not spray with or apply insecticides or volatile substances, including paint 
thinner, benzene, or alcohol. Do not wipe with chemically treated cloths. 
 – Do not rest or store your controller or headset on top of your console.
Ports/connectors
Do not use ports/connectors on the console if they are dirty. They may not conduct 
electricity properly. When they are dirty, wipe them with a dry cloth.
Discs
Note on compatibility
Some media may have region or territorial restrictions and may not work with your 
console. See media packaging for details.
Handling
Fingerprints, dust, dirt or scratches on the disc can distort the picture or reduce sound 
quality. Please note the following.
• Do not touch the disc surface when handling a disc.
• Do not stick paper or tape onto discs and do not write on discs.
Storage
• Do not expose discs to high temperatures, high humidity or direct sunlight.
• When discs will not be used for an extended period of time, store them in their cases. 
Stacking uncased discs or storing them at an angle can cause them to warp.
Cleaning method
• Clean discs with a soft cloth, lightly wiping from the centre outwards.
• Do not use solvents, record cleaners, anti-static spray or other chemicals as these can 
damage the discs.
Remove and attach covers
Remove the covers when you care for your console or install an M.2 SSD.
Place your console on a soft cloth spread over a flat surface before removing or 
attaching the covers.
  Caution
• Keep out of reach of young children. Small parts such as screws may accidentally 
be swallowed and cause choking.
• After you have turned off your PS5 console and unplugged the AC power cord and 
cables, wait for your console to cool down before removing and attaching the 
covers. The main unit of your PS5 console may still be hot immediately after use, 
and continued handling of your console may cause burns.
• Be careful not to pinch your fingers in the gaps between parts, and not to hurt your 
hands and fingers on the corner of parts.
• When turning on your console, make sure the covers are installed correctly. If the 
covers are not installed correctly, it may cause the main unit to overheat.
1 Go to the control centre and select Power  > Turn Off PS5.
The screen goes blank, the power indicator flashes white, and then turns off.
2 Remove the AC power cord and cables, and then wait for the PS5 console  
to cool down.
The main unit of your console is hot immediately after use.
3 Remove the base.
4 Remove the covers by slightly pulling up on them in the direction of  
the arrow.
Top cover
Bottom cover
10
5 To attach the covers, firmly push them in the direction of the arrow until you 
hear a “click”.
Top cover
Bottom cover
6 Attach the base, connect the AC power cord and cables, and then turn on 
the power.
Install an M.2 SSD
M.2 SSD is storage that uses flash memory. Install a commercially available M.2 SSD  
in your PS5 console for more storage for your game and app data.
Types of M.2 SSD
You can use an M.2 SSD with the following specifications:
Interface PCI-Express Gen4x4 supported M.2 NVMe SSD (Key M)
Storage 250 GB — 4 TB
Supported sizes 2230, 2242, 2260, 2280, 22110
Size including heat-dissipation 
mechanism
Width: up to 25 mm
Length: 30/42/60/80/110 mm
Thickness: up to 11.25 mm (up to 8.0 mm from above the 
board, up to 2.45 mm from below the board)
Notices
• Both single-sided devices and double-sided devices are supported.
• M.2 SATA SSD is not supported.
• Allocation of host memory to HMB (Host Memory Buffer) supported devices is  
not supported.
• Carefully review drive specifications prior to purchase and contact the vendor or 
manufacturer if you need further information. SIE cannot guarantee that all M.2 SSD 
devices meeting the specifications above will work with your console and assumes  
no responsibility for the selection, performance or use of third-party products.
About M.2 SSD heat-dissipation
The M.2 SSD that can be used with this device has a fast transfer speed and is therefore 
subject to reaching high temperatures. If the M.2 SSD does not include a heat-
dissipation mechanism, attach a heat conductor, such as a heat sink, a heat transfer 
sheet, or both. For information on how to attach the heat conductor, refer to its manual. 
If you use your device without heat-dissipation parts, or the heat-dissipation parts  
come off during use, the main unit may overheat, and continued use may cause 
operation failure.
11
Install or remove an M.2 SSD
Safety warnings
  Caution
When turning on your console, make sure the cover and expansion slot cover are 
installed correctly. If the cover and expansion slot cover are not installed correctly,  
it may cause the main unit to overheat.
Notices
• Before proceeding with the installing or removing process, touch a metal-
grounded object to remove any static electricity from your body. Failure to do so 
may cause damage to an M.2 SSD or PS5 console. In particular, an M.2 SSD uses 
parts sensitive to static electricity, so please use caution.
• Do not touch the terminal of an M.2 SSD or your PS5 console’s expansion connector.
• When attaching or removing screws, use a screwdriver that matches the sizes of 
the screws. If the sizes do not match, the screw may become stripped.
• Be careful not to drop small parts such as screws and spacers in the main unit of 
your PS5 console. If small parts do fall in the main unit, do not turn on the power, 
and instead consult the support website (  back cover).
Install an M.2 SSD
For safety warnings when installing an M.2 SSD or for details about covers, see “Remove 
and attach covers” (  page 9).
• You can use M.2 SSD storage with system software versions 21.02-04.00.00 and later.
• Place your console on a soft cloth spread over a flat surface before installing  
the M.2 SSD.
1 Remove the bottom cover (  page 9).
2 Remove the screw from the expansion slot cover and then remove the cover.
Expansion slot cover
3 Install the M.2 SSD to the expansion connector.
 Remove the screw and spacer, and then adjust the spacer to the size of the  
M.2 SSD.
Spacer
Screw
12
 Holding the edge of the M.2 SSD, align it with the notch on the expansion 
connector. Tilt the M.2 SSD diagonally upward, and firmly insert it all the way into 
the expansion connector.
The following shows an M.2 SSD with a heat sink and heat transfer sheet attached.
Spacer
 Tilt the M.2 SSD down and fasten it with the screw.
4 Attach the expansion slot cover and fasten the screw.
5 Attach the bottom cover (  page 9).
6 Attach the base, connect the AC power cord and cables, and then turn  
on the power.
When your PS5 console turns on, the formatting guide appears. Follow the onscreen 
instructions and format the M.2 SSD.
Hints
• Consult our support website if you lose parts such as the expansion slot cover, screws, 
and spacers (  back cover).
• For information about how to save your game data on M.2 SSD storage and the types 
of data you can save, see the User’s Guide (  back cover).
Remove an M.2 SSD
Place your console on a soft cloth spread over a flat surface. You can then remove the 
M.2 SSD.
1 Remove the bottom cover (  page 9).
2 Remove the screw from the expansion slot cover, and then remove  
the cover.
3 Remove the fastened M.2 SSD screw.
4 Slightly lift up the M.2 SSD, and then hold the edge and pull diagonally 
upward.
5 Fasten the screw back on the spacer.
6 Attach the expansion slot cover and fasten the screw.
7 Attach the bottom cover (  page 9).
13
Specifications
Design and specifications are subject to change without notice. Depending on the 
software version in use, the console may operate differently than described in this manual.
PlayStation®5 console
Main Processor
Single-chip custom processor
CPU: x86-64-AMD Ryzen™ “Zen2”, 8 cores/16 threads
GPU:  10 TFLOPS, AMD Radeon™ RDNA-based graphics 
engine
Memory GDDR6 16 GB
Storage 825 GB Custom SSD*1
Optical drive (read-only)
BD-ROM (66 GB/100 GB) ~10×CAV 
BD-ROM (25 GB/50 GB) ~8×CAV
BD-R/RE (25 GB/50 GB) ~8×CAV
DVD ~3.2×CLV
Laser
Type:  Semiconductor, continuous
BD  Wavelength: 395—415 nm
 Power: Max. 1 mW
DVD  Wavelength: 640—675 nm
 Power: Max. 1 mW
Input/output*2
USB Type-A port (Hi-Speed USB)
USB Type-A port (SuperSpeed USB 10Gbps) ×2
USB Type-C® port (SuperSpeed USB 10Gbps) 
Expansion connector (Key M)
Networking
Ethernet (10BASE-T, 100BASE-TX, 1000BASE-T)
IEEE 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac/ax
Bluetooth® 5.1
AV output HDMI™ OUT port*3
Electrical rating 220—240 V  1.65 A
50/60 Hz
Maximum rated power 350 W
External dimensions
(excluding projecting parts)
Approx. 390 × 104 × 260 mm (width × height × depth)
Mass Approx. 3.9 kg
Operating temperature 5 °C to 35 °C
*1 A portion of the SSD capacity is reserved for use in connection with console administration, 
maintenance and additional options. As a result, the availability of SSD capacity may vary.
*2 Usability of all connected devices is not guaranteed.
*3 Use the included HDMI cable.
Wireless controller
Input power rating 5 V  1 500 mA
Battery type Built-in lithium-ion battery
Battery voltage 3.65 V 
Battery capacity 1 560 mAh
Operating temperature 5 °C to 35 °C
Mass Approx. 280 g
Playable discs
• PlayStation®5 format Ultra HD Blu-ray™ *1
• Supported PlayStation®4 format Blu-ray™ *2
• Ultra HD Blu-ray™
• BD-ROM
• BD-R
• BD-RE *3
• DVD-ROM
• DVD+R/RW
• DVD-R/RW
• AVCHD
*1 PlayStation® format software, PlayStation®2 format software, and PlayStation®3 format 
software cannot be played from a disc.
*2 Some functionalities available on PS4™ may be absent when played on PS5. Your PS5 
may need to be updated to the latest system software. Internet connection required.
*3 Playback of BD-RE ver. 1.0 discs is not supported.
14
Region codes
Depending on the disc, a region code that is based on the geographic region where the 
disc is distributed may be assigned. The console can play discs marked with the 
following region codes.
Disc Region code
Blu-ray Disc™ (BD)
DVD
  
PlayStation®4 format Blu-ray™ 
  
Notices
• DVD discs that have not been finalised cannot be played.
• Do not use the following discs. If you do, the console may be damaged.
 – 8 cm discs
 – Non-circular discs, such as discs in the shape of a card, star, or heart
 – Discs that are cracked or deformed, or discs that have been repaired
 – Discs with paper or stickers on them
• A DualDisc features one side that conforms to the DVD standard, and another side 
with audio only. The audio-only side cannot be played on the console.
• When playing discs with content that was copied fraudulently, abnormal sounds may 
be produced or the content may not play correctly.
• For continuous playback of copyright-protected BDs, the encryption key for AACS 
(Advanced Access Content System) may need to be renewed. The encryption key  
is automatically renewed if the console is connected to the internet.
• Some discs may not be playable due to scratches, dust, the quality of recording,  
or the characteristics of the recording device.
• In rare instances, BD and DVD may not operate properly when played on the  
console. This is primarily due to variations in the manufacturing process or encoding 
of the software.
Copyright and trademarks
“ ”, “PlayStation”, “5”, “PS5”, “PS4”, “DUALSHOCK” and “PlayStation Shapes Logo” 
are registered trademarks or trademarks of Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc.
“SONY” and “ ” are registered trademarks or trademarks of Sony Group Corporation.
AMD, Radeon and Ryzen are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
The Bluetooth® word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth 
SIG, Inc. and any use of such marks by Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc. is under 
license. Other trademarks and trade names are those of their respective owners.
“Blu-ray Disc™”, “Blu-ray™” and “Ultra HD Blu-ray™” are trademarks of the Blu-ray Disc 
Association.
The terms HDMI and HDMI High-Definition Multimedia Interface, and the HDMI Logo are 
trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing Administrator, Inc. in the United 
States and other countries.
USB-IF SuperSpeed USB Trident logo is a registered trademark of USB Implementers 
Forum, Inc.
USB Type-C® and USB-C® are registered trademarks of USB Implementers Forum.
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
© 2022 Sony Interactive Entertainment Europe Limited.
Quick Start Guide
Learn how to set up your PS5 console and how to use basic functions in the included 
Quick Start Guide.
User's Guide
Find out about everything your PS5 console can do. Learn how to configure settings and 
how to use each function. To see the User's Guide, you'll need an internet connection. 
From your PS5 console's home screen, go to Settings  > User's Guide, Health and 
Safety, and Other Information > User's Guide.
Customer Support Website
Find online support information such as step by step troubleshooting and 
frequently asked questions by visiting playstation.com/help.
The information contained in this manual is subject to change without notice.
The commercial use or rental of this product is prohibited.