PlayStation®5 Pro
Safety Guide
CFI-7021
2
3
Contents
Health and Safety   4
Remove and attach covers   7
Install an M.2 SSD   8
Attach or remove the disc drive   10
Replace the coin battery   12
Use and handling   14
Specifications   15
Compliance information   17
Copyright and trademarks   19
4
Health and Safety
Before using this product, carefully read this manual and retain it for future reference. 
Parents and guardians of children should read this manual and make sure that  
children follow all safety precautions.
This product has been designed with the highest concern for safety. However,  
any electrical device, if used improperly, has the potential for causing fire, electrical  
shock or personal injury. Observe all warnings, precautions, and instructions.
Stop use and disconnect the AC power cord immediately if the product functions in an 
abnormal manner, produces unusual sounds or smells or becomes too hot to touch.
WARNING
ELECTRICAL SHOCK
To avoid electrical shock, do not open the enclosure. Refer servicing to qualified 
personnel only.
LASER (Only when the console has a disc drive installed)
This appliance is classified as a CLASS 1 LASER product under IEC60825-1:2014.
CONSUMER LASER PRODUCT
EN 50689:2021
Caution
Use of controls or adjustments or performance of procedures other than those  
specified herein may result in hazardous radiation exposure.
The use of optical instruments with this product will increase eye hazard.
MOVING FAN BLADES
Keep body parts away from fan blades.     
SEIZURES INDUCED BY LIGHT STIMULATION (PHOTOSENSITIVE EPILEPSY)
If you have an epileptic condition or have had seizures, consult your doctor prior  
to using this console.
Some individuals are sensitive to flashing or flickering lights or geometric shapes and 
patterns, may have an undetected epileptic condition and may experience epileptic
seizures when playing videogames or watching video content.
DISCONTINUE USE IMMEDIATELY and consult your doctor if you experience any of the 
following health problems or symptoms when exposed to flashing or flickering lights  
or other light stimulation whilst playing video games or watching video content: eye 
soreness, altered vision, migraine, muscle twitching, convulsion or other involuntary 
movements, blackout, loss of awareness, confusion, or disorientation.
In addition to the above, DISCONTINUE USE IMMEDIATELY when you experience any  
of the following symptoms: headache, dizziness, nausea, fatigue, similar symptoms  
to motion sickness, or discomfort or pain in any body part such as eyes, ears, hands, 
arms, or feet whilst playing. If the condition persists, seek medical attention.
RADIO WAVES
Radio waves may affect electronic equipment or medical devices  
(for example, pacemakers), which may cause malfunctions and possible injuries.
• If you use a pacemaker or other medical device, consult your doctor or the 
manufacturer of your medical device before using the wireless networking  
feature (Bluetooth® and wireless LAN).
• Do not use the wireless networking feature in the following locations:
 – Areas where wireless network use is prohibited, such as in hospitals. Abide  
by medical institution regulations when using the console on their premises.
 – Areas near fire alarms, automatic doors and other types of automated equipment.
MAGNETS AND MEDICAL DEVICES
These products have magnets which may interfere with pacemakers, defibrillators and 
programmable shunt valves or other medical devices. Do not place these products close 
to such medical devices or persons who use such medical devices. Consult your doctor 
before using these products if you use such medical devices.
VOLUME LEVEL
Permanent hearing loss may occur if headsets or headphones are used at high volume. 
Set the volume to a safe level. Over time, increasingly loud audio may start to sound 
normal but can actually be damaging your hearing. If you experience ringing,  
discomfort in your ears or muffled speech, stop listening and have your hearing  
checked. The louder the volume, the sooner your hearing could be affected.
To protect your hearing:
• Limit the amount of time you use the headset or headphones at high volume.
• Avoid raising the volume to block out noisy surroundings.
• Lower the volume if you can’t hear people speaking near you.
LITHIUM BATTERIES
WARNING: This console contains a lithium button / coin cell battery.
• The battery is hazardous. New or used batteries should be kept out of 
reach of children.
• If swallowed or placed inside any part of the body the lithium button cell 
battery can cause severe or fatal injuries in 2 hours or less. Do not ingest 
battery, Chemical Burn Hazard.
• If you think the battery may have been swallowed or placed inside any 
part of the body, you must seek immediate medical attention.
5
Health and Safety
Do not handle damaged or leaking lithium-ion batteries. If the internal battery fluid 
leaks, stop using the product immediately and contact technical support for assistance.  
If the fluid gets on to your clothes, skin or into your eyes, immediately rinse the affected 
area with clean water and consult your doctor. The battery fluid can cause blindness.
The controller contains a lithium-ion rechargeable battery.
Do not allow the battery to come into contact with fire or subject it to extreme 
temperatures such as in direct sunlight, in a vehicle exposed to the sun or near a heat 
source. Never attempt to open, crush, heat, or set fire to the controller or the battery.  
Do not leave the battery charging for a prolonged period of time when the controller  
is not in use.
YOUNG CHILDREN INJURIES
Keep the product out of the reach of young children. Young children may swallow small 
parts, pull on cables and cause the console or the controller to fall, or wrap the cables 
around themselves, which may inflict injury or cause an accident or a malfunction.
NEVER DISASSEMBLE OR MODIFY THE PRODUCT OR ACCESSORIES
There is a risk of fire, electric shock, or injury.
Precautions
Use of the AC power cord
Stop use, unplug the AC power cord from the electricity supply and disconnect any  
other cables immediately if the device functions in an abnormal manner, produces 
unusual sounds or smells or becomes too hot to touch.
Well-lit area
Use in a well-lit area and keep a safe distance from the TV screen.
Taking breaks
• Avoid prolonged continuous use of this product. Generally we recommend  
that you take 15-minute breaks for every hour of play.
• Avoid playing when you are tired or need sleep.
• Stop using the console immediately if you begin to feel tired or if you experience 
discomfort or pain in your hands or arms while operating the controller. If the 
condition persists, consult a doctor.
• If you experience any of the following health problems, discontinue use  
of the console immediately. If symptoms persist, consult a doctor.
 – Dizziness, nausea, fatigue or symptoms similar to motion sickness
 – Discomfort or pain in a part of the body, such as eyes, ears, hands or arms
Vibration function
• If the controller is sitting on a flat surface, the vibration of the controller  
during gameplay may cause it to fall, leading to injury or malfunction.
• Do not use the vibration or trigger effect function if you have any ailment or injury  
to body parts such as the bones, joints, or muscles of the hand or arm or that may  
be affected by this vibration function. To disable the features, select Settings  > 
Accessories from the home screen.
Static shock
When using a headset or headphones in particularly dry air conditions, you may 
sometimes experience a small and quick (static) shock on your ears. This is a result  
of static electricity accumulated in the body, and is not a malfunction of your headset  
or headphones. This effect could be reduced by wearing clothes made from materials 
that do not easily generate static shock.
Moisture condensation
If the console is brought directly from a cold location to a warm one, moisture may 
condense inside the console. Should this occur, the console may not operate properly.  
In this case, turn off and unplug the console until the moisture evaporates (this may  
take several hours). If the console still does not operate properly, contact the appropriate 
PlayStation® customer service helpline which can be found within the guarantee section.
High temperature message
If the console becomes too hot, you will see a notification message on your screen.
Continued use while the message displays may lead to the console becoming
non-operational. If you see the message, turn off the console and wait until it cools 
down. After the console cools down, move it to a well-ventilated location that is not 
subject to high temperatures. Check to make sure the console vents are not blocked,  
and if you installed an M.2 SSD to the console, be sure that the heat-dissipation parts 
haven’t detached from the M.2 SSD. See “Install an M.2 SSD” (page 8) for more 
information on heat-dissipation parts.
Motion sensor
When using the motion sensor function of the controller, be cautious of the following 
points. If the controller hits a person or object, it may cause accidental injury or damage.
• Before using the motion sensor function, make sure you have enough space  
to move around.
• Firmly grip the controller to prevent it from slipping out of your grasp and causing 
damage or injury.
• If using a controller that is connected to the PS5® console with a USB cable, make sure 
there is enough space for the cable so that the cable will not hit a person or object.
Light bar
Do not stare at the light bar on the controller when it is blinking. Stop using the controller 
immediately if you experience any discomfort or pain.
6
Health and Safety
Liquid, dust, smoke, steam, and heat
• Always ensure the product and its connectors are free of liquid, excess dust  
and small particles.
• Do not leave the product in the following areas during use, storage, or transportation.
 – Areas exposed to smoke or steam
 – Areas with high humidity, dust, or cigarette smoke
 – Areas near heating appliances, areas exposed to direct sunlight,  
or areas that retain heat
AC power cord and cables
• Do not use the cord or cables if they are damaged or modified.
• Do not use a power cord other than the included AC power cord. The AC power cord  
is designed specifically for use with this console only, and should not be used with 
other electrical devices.
• Do not touch the plug or connector with wet hands.
• Do not walk on the cord or cables or pinch them, particularly at plugs, receptacles, 
connectors and where they exit from the console.
• Do not expose the cord or cables to heat or place them near heating appliances.
• Do not place heavy items on the cord or cables.
• Do not pull or bend the cord or cables with excessive force.
• Do not connect the AC power cord to a voltage transformer or inverter. Connecting the 
cord to a voltage transformer for overseas travel or an inverter for use in a vehicle may 
cause it to heat up in the console and may cause burns or a malfunction.
• Before connecting or plugging in the AC power cord, check that there is no dust or 
small particles in or on the plug or connectors or the AC IN connector on the console.
• Unplug the cord and cables if you want to clean or move your console or do not intend 
to use it for an extended period of time. When disconnecting, hold the cord by the 
plug and pull straight out of the socket. Never pull by the cord and do not pull out  
at an angle.
Set up and handling
• Do not use the console in a closed cabinet or other locations where heat may  
build up. Doing so may cause the console to overheat and may lead to fire,  
injury or malfunction.
• Do not touch product during an electrical storm.
• Do not expose the console, accessories or battery to high temperatures,  
high humidity or direct sunlight during operation, transportation and storage.
• Do not place the console or accessories on surfaces that are unstable, tilted  
or subject to vibration.
• Use the included horizontal stand feet to set the console in the horizontal position.  
If you do not use the feet and set the console in a position other than instructed, there 
is a risk of injury, damage, or malfunction. For instructions on attaching the feet, please 
see the Quick Start Guide. To set the console in the vertical position, you’ll need to use 
the vertical stand (sold separately).
• When setting up or carrying the console, be careful to securely hold the main  
body of the console. Do not hold, carry, or lift the console by only the cover;  
doing so could cause the cover to detach and the console to fall, leading  
to potential injury or damage.
• Do not move the console or adjust its position when the power indicator is lit  
or blinking. Data may be lost or corrupted, or the console may be damaged.
• Do not stand on or put objects on the console, and do not stack the console  
with other devices.
• Do not place the console and connected accessories on the floor or in a place  
where they may cause someone to trip or stumble.
• Do not touch the connectors of the console or accessories.
• Do not allow bodily contact with the console or air from the console vents for  
an extended period of time while in use. Extended contact under these conditions  
may cause low-temperature burns.
• The console should be installed and operated with a minimum distance of 20 cm  
away from your body.
• Do not use the product near water.
• Do not move or change the position of the console with a disc inserted.  
The vibration may result in scratching of the disc or the console.
Power off
• Do not turn off the console while data is being saved on or loaded from  
the SSD or USB drives.
• Do not remove the AC power cord from the electricity supply until the power indicator 
has turned off. If you disconnect the AC power cord while the power indicator is lit  
or blinking, data may be lost or corrupted, or the console may be damaged.
Use of the cover
Do not use the console without the cover. Doing so may cause fire, electrical shock,  
or malfunction. Do not remove the cover of the console immediately after use. The main 
unit of your PS5 console may still be hot immediately after use, and continued handling 
with the cover off may cause burns. If you need to remove the cover, turn off your PS5 
console, unplug the AC power cord and cables, and wait for it to cool down.
Compatibility
Controllers intended for use with PlayStation®, PlayStation®2, and PlayStation®3  
consoles, such as the analogue controllers (DUALSHOCK® and DUALSHOCK®2)  
and the DUALSHOCK®3 wireless controller, are not compatible with the PS5 console.  
The DUALSHOCK®4 wireless controller is compatible with PlayStation®4 format  
software on the PS5 console, but not with PS5 format software on the PS5 console.
Safe use for children
Parents are encouraged to monitor children in online activities to ensure safe  
and responsible internet usage. Refer to playstation.com/safety for further details.
7
Remove and attach covers
Remove the covers when performing maintenance on your console,  
or when installing an M.2 SSD or disc drive.
Safety warnings
Before removing or attaching the covers, please read the following safety precautions.
Caution
• Keep out of reach of young children. Young children may swallow small parts  
which may inflict injury.
• After you have turned off your PS5 console and unplugged the AC power cord  
and cables, wait for your console to cool down before removing and attaching  
the covers. The main unit of your PS5 console may still be hot immediately after 
use, and continued handling of your console may cause burns.
• Be careful not to pinch your fingers in the gaps between parts, and not to hurt  
your hands and fingers on the corner of parts.
• When turning on your console, make sure the covers are installed correctly.  
If the covers are not installed correctly, it may cause the main unit to overheat.
Remove and attach covers 
Place your console on a soft cloth spread over a flat surface before removing  
or attaching the covers.
• Each cover has different shapes. 
To ensure you attach the cover in the correct 
position, use the / / /  marks on the 
inside of the cover as a guide (see illustration  
on the right).
• All covers can be removed and attached  
in the same way. 
 cover
 cover
 cover
 cover
1 Go to the control centre and select Power  > Turn Off PS5.
The screen goes blank, the power indicator flashes white, and then turns off.
2 Remove the AC power cord and cables, and then wait for the PS5  
console to cool down.
The main unit of your console is hot immediately after use.
3 Place the console with the bottom facing up and the front side  
facing you, and then remove the feet.
4 Remove the cover.
Slightly lift the cover away from the console to detach its clips and remove it.
5 Attach the cover.
Align the cover’s clips with the corresponding holes on the console and push  
in until you hear a “click”.
6 Attach the feet, connect the AC power cord and cables,  
and then turn on the power.
Clips
8
Install an M.2 SSD
M.2 SSD is storage that uses flash memory. Install a commercially available  
M.2 SSD in your PS5 console for more storage for your game and app data.
Types of M.2 SSD
You can use an M.2 SSD with the following specifications:
Interface PCI-Express Gen4x4 supported M.2 NVMe SSD (Key M)
Storage 250 GB - 8 TB
Supported sizes 2230, 2242, 2260, 2280, 22110
Size including heat-dissipation 
mechanism
Width: up to 25 mm
Length: 30/42/60/80/110 mm
Thickness: up to 11.25 mm (up to 8.0 mm from above the 
board, up to 2.45 mm from below the board)
Notices
• Both single-sided devices and double-sided devices are supported.
• M.2 SATA SSD is not supported.
• Allocation of host memory to HMB (Host Memory Buffer) supported devices  
is not supported.
• Carefully review drive specifications prior to purchase and contact the vendor  
or manufacturer if you need further information. SIE cannot guarantee that all  
M.2 SSD devices meeting the specifications above will work with your console  
and assumes no responsibility for the selection, performance or use  
of third-party products.
About M.2 SSD heat-dissipation
The M.2 SSD that can be used with this device has a fast transfer speed and is therefore 
subject to reaching high temperatures. If the M.2 SSD does not include a heat-dissipation 
mechanism, attach a heat conductor, such as a heat sink, a heat transfer sheet,  
or both. For information on how to attach the heat conductor, refer to its manual.
If you use your device without heat-dissipation parts, or the heat-dissipation parts  
come off during use, the M.2 SSD may overheat, and continued use may cause  
operation failure.
Install or remove an M.2 SSD
Safety warnings
Before installing or removing an M.2 SSD, please read the following safety precautions.
Caution
• Keep out of reach of young children. Young children may swallow small parts  
which may inflict injury.
• When turning on your console, make sure the cover and expansion slot cover are 
installed correctly. If the cover and expansion slot cover are not installed correctly,  
it may cause the main unit to overheat.
Notices
• Before proceeding with the installing or removing process, touch a metal-grounded 
object to remove any static electricity from your body. Failure to do so may cause 
damage to an M.2 SSD or PS5 console. In particular, an M.2 SSD uses parts sensitive 
to static electricity, so please use caution.
• Do not touch the terminal of an M.2 SSD or your PS5 console’s expansion connector.
• When attaching or removing screws, use a screwdriver that matches the sizes  
of the screws. If the sizes do not match, the screw may become stripped.
• Be careful not to drop small parts such as screws and spacers in the main unit  
of your PS5 console. If small parts do fall in the main unit, do not turn on the  
power, and instead consult the support website (back cover).
Install an M.2 SSD
Place your console on a soft cloth spread over a flat surface before  
installing the M.2 SSD.
1 Remove the  cover (page 7).
For safety warnings or details about removing or attaching covers,  
see “Remove and attach covers”.
 cover
9
Install an M.2 SSD
2 Remove the screw from the expansion slot cover and then  
remove the cover.
3 Remove the screw and spacer, and then adjust the spacer  
to the size of the M.2 SSD.
Expansion slot cover
Screw
Spacer
4 Holding the edge of the M.2 SSD, align it with the notch on the 
expansion connector. Tilt the M.2 SSD diagonally upward, and  
firmly insert it all the way into the expansion connector.
The following shows an M.2 SSD with a heat sink and heat transfer sheet attached.
5 Tilt the M.2 SSD down and fasten it with the screw.
6 Attach the expansion slot cover and fasten the screw.
7 Attach the  cover (page 7).
8 Attach the feet, connect the AC power cord and cables,  
and then turn on the power.
If you’re using the M.2 SSD on your console for the first time, the formatting guide 
appears when your PS5 console turns on. Follow the on-screen instructions and 
format the M.2 SSD.
10
Install an M.2 SSD 
• Consult our support website if you lose parts such as the expansion  
slot cover, screws, and spacers (back cover).
• For information about how to save your game data on M.2 SSD storage  
and the types of data you can save, see the User’s Guide (back cover).
Remove an M.2 SSD
Place your console on a soft cloth spread over a flat surface.  
You can then remove the M.2 SSD.
1 Remove the  cover (page 7).
2 Remove the screw from the expansion slot cover,  
and then remove the cover.
3 Remove the fastened M.2 SSD screw.
4 Slightly lift up the M.2 SSD, and then hold the edge  
and pull diagonally upward.
5 Fasten the screw back on the spacer.
6 Attach the expansion slot cover and fasten the screw.
7 Attach the  cover (page 7).
Attach or remove the disc drive
Attach a disc drive (sold separately) to play disc-based games, Blu-ray™ discs and DVDs.
Safety warnings
Before attaching or removing the disc drive, please read the following safety precautions.
Notices
• Before attaching or removing the disc drive, touch a metal-grounded object  
to remove any static electricity from your body. Failure to do so may cause  
damage to the disc drive or PS5 console.
• Do not touch the terminal of your disc drive or your PS5 console’s  
corresponding terminal.
11
Attach or remove the disc drive 
Attach the disc drive
Place your console on a soft cloth spread over a flat surface before attaching  
your disc drive.
1 Remove the  cover (page 7).
For safety warnings or details about removing or attaching covers,  
see “Remove and attach covers”
2 Align the disc drive’s clips with the 2 holes (marked with ),  
and then firmly push in until you hear a “click”.
3 Attach the  cover (page 7).
Make sure to attach the cover for consoles with the disc drive installed.
4 Attach the feet (long), connect the AC power cord and cables,  
and then turn on the power.
Make sure to attach the feet for consoles with the disc drive installed.
 cover
Remove the disc drive
Place your console on a soft cloth spread over a flat surface before removing  
your disc drive.
1 Remove the  cover (page 7).
For safety warnings or details about removing or attaching covers,  
see “Remove and attach covers”.
2 Use your finger to lift up the concave part of the disc drive  
and remove it.
3 Attach the  cover (page 7).
Make sure to attach the cover for consoles without a disc drive installed.
4 Attach the feet (short), connect the AC power cord and cables,  
and then turn on the power.
Make sure to attach the feet for consoles without a disc drive installed.
Concave part
12
Replace the coin battery
This product contains a coin battery. If your console's time and date desynchronizes, 
there is a chance that you will need to replace your battery.
Safety warnings
Before replacing the coin battery, please read the following safety precautions.
Warning
• Replace the coin battery out of the reach of young children. Young children may 
swallow the coin battery or other small parts. DEATH or serious injury can occur if 
ingested. In the event that a child swallows the coin battery, immediately seek 
medical attention.
• If the battery compartment does not close securely, stop using the product and 
keep it away from children.
• Risk of explosion if the battery is replaced by an incorrect type. Dispose of properly.
• Do not disassemble, modify subject to excessive heat, recharge, or short circuit the 
battery. Doing so may result in leakage, explosion, heat, or fire.
Notices
• Before replacing the coin battery, touch a metal-grounded object to remove any 
static electricity from your body. Failure to do so may cause damage to the console.
• Do not touch the terminals and connectors of your console.
• When attaching or removing screws, use a screwdriver that matches the sizes of 
the screws. If the sizes do not match, the screw may become stripped.
• Be careful not to drop small parts such as screws and spacers in the main unit of 
your PS5 console. If small parts do fall in the main unit, do not turn on the power, 
and instead consult the support website (back cover).
Replace the coin battery
Place your console on a soft cloth spread over a flat surface before replacing the coin 
battery.
1 Remove the  cover (page 7).
For safety warnings or details about removing or attaching covers,  
see “Remove and attach covers”.
 cover
2 Loosen the battery cover's screw, then remove the battery cover.
3 Remove the old coin battery.
If using a flat-head screwdriver or other metallic object to remove the battery,  
make sure to apply electrical tape to the screwdriver head. Failure to do so may 
cause a short-circuit.
Battery cover
13
Replace the coin battery
4 Insert the new battery with the (+) facing upwards.
Please use a commercially available CR2032 lithium coin battery.  
Pay attention to battery terminals when inserting it.
5 Attach the battery cover and tighten the screw.
6 Attach the  cover (page 7).
7 Attach the feet, connect the AC power cord and cables, and then turn 
on the power.
8 Set the time and date.
The time and date settings on your console reset after replacing the coin battery.  
To reconfigure your time and date settings, from the home screen, select  
Settings  > System > Date and Time.
• Follow local regulations when disposing of the old coin battery.
• Consult our support website if you lose parts such as the battery cover (back cover).
14
Use and handling
Never disassemble or modify the console or accessories
Use the console and accessories according to the instructions in the product 
documentation. No authorisation for the analysis or modification of the console  
or accessories, or the analysis and use of its circuit configurations, is provided. 
Unauthorised modification of the console or accessories will void your warranty.  
There are no user serviceable components inside the console.
Additionally, there is a risk of electrical shock and, when a disc drive is attached, 
exposure to laser radiation.
Network
• An internet connection is required to connect to a network.
• You are responsible for internet service fees. For details, refer to the information 
provided in your service contract or contact your internet service provider.
• Use only an Ethernet cable compatible with 10BASE-T, 100BASE-TX or 1000BASE-T 
networks. Do not use a cord for a standard residential telephone line or cables of types 
other than those mentioned here. Using the wrong type of cord or cable can cause 
more electrical current than necessary to flow through the LAN port, which may lead  
to heat build-up, fire or malfunction.
Wireless networking feature
• The frequencies used by the wireless networking feature of the product are the  
2.4 GHz (WLAN, Bluetooth®)/5 GHz (WLAN)/6 GHz (WLAN) ranges. The 2.4 GHz range 
of radio waves is shared by various devices. The product has been designed to 
minimise the effect of other devices using the same range. However, in some cases, 
interference from other devices may reduce the connection speed, shorten the signal 
range, or cause the connection to be terminated unexpectedly.
• When using the console scan function to select a wireless LAN access point,  
access points that are not intended for public use may be displayed. Only connect  
to an access point that you are authorised to use, or one that is available through  
a public wireless LAN or hotspot service.
Handling the controller
• Charge in an environment where the temperature range is between 10 °C and 30 °C. 
Charging may not be as effective when performed in other environments.
• The battery has a limited lifespan. Battery duration will gradually decrease with 
repeated usage and age. Battery life also varies depending on the storage method, 
usage state, environment and other factors.
• When the controller is not used for an extended period of time, it is recommended 
that you fully charge it at least once a year in order to maintain battery functionality.
Care instructions
For safety reasons, before cleaning the console or connected accessories,  
disconnect the AC power cord from the electricity supply.
Exterior surfaces (plastic cover of console and controller)
• Wipe down with a soft, dry cloth.
• To prevent the surface of your console or peripherals from changing colour  
and quality, follow the guidelines below.
 – Do not spray with or apply insecticides or volatile substances, including paint 
thinner, benzene, or alcohol. Do not wipe with chemically treated cloths.
 – Do not rest or store your controller or headset on top of your console.
Vents
Do not block any vents. To maintain good ventilation, follow the guidelines below:
• Place the console at least 10 cm away from a wall surface.
• Do not place on a carpet or rug with long fibres.
• Do not place in a narrow or cramped space.
• Do not cover with cloth.
• Do not allow dust to build up on the vents. Use a cleaning tool such  
as a handheld vacuum cleaner to remove dust buildup. 
It is also recommended to remove the covers, and then use a handheld  
vacuum cleaner to remove the dust trapped underneath. For details  
on covers, see “Remove and attach covers” (page 7).
Ports/connectors
Do not use ports/connectors on the console if they are dirty. They may not  
conduct electricity properly. When they are dirty, wipe them with a dry cloth.
Disc handling (Only when the console has a disc drive installed)
Note on compatibility
Some media may have region or territorial restrictions and may not work  
with your console. See media packaging for details.
Handling
Fingerprints, dust, dirt or scratches on the disc can distort the picture  
or reduce sound quality. Please note the following.
• Do not touch the disc surface when handling a disc.
• Do not stick paper or tape onto discs and do not write on discs.
Storage
• Do not expose discs to high temperatures, high humidity or direct sunlight.
• When discs will not be used for an extended period of time, store them in their  
cases. Stacking uncased discs or storing them at an angle can cause them to warp.
15
Cleaning method
• Clean discs with a soft cloth, lightly wiping from the centre outwards.
• Do not use solvents, record cleaners, anti-static spray or other chemicals  
as these can damage the discs.
End of life product recycling
The products are made of many materials that may be recycled. Follow local regulations 
when disposing of the products.
Specifications
Design and specifications are subject to change without notice. Depending  
on the software version in use, the console may operate differently than described  
in this manual.
PlayStation®5 Pro console
Main Processor
Single-chip custom processor
CPU: x86-64-AMD Ryzen™ “Zen2”, 8 cores/16 threads
GPU:  16.7 TFLOPS, AMD Radeon™ RDNA-based  
graphics engine
Memory GDDR6 16 GB
DDR5 2 GB
Storage 2 TB Custom SSD*1 *2 
Input/output*2
USB Type-A port (SuperSpeed USB 10Gbps) ×2
USB Type-C® port (Hi-Speed USB)
USB Type-C® port (SuperSpeed USB 10Gbps) 
M.2 SSD expansion connector (Key M)
Disc drive port
Networking
Ethernet (10BASE-T, 100BASE-TX, 1000BASE-T)
IEEE 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac/ax/be
Bluetooth® 5.1
AV output HDMI™ OUT port*3
Electrical rating 220–240 V  1.9 A
50/60 Hz
Maximum rated power 390 W
External dimensions
(excluding projecting parts)
Approx. 388 × 89 × 216 mm (width × height × depth)
Mass Approx. 3.1 kg
Operating temperature 5 °C to 35 °C
*1 A portion of the SSD capacity is reserved for use in connection with console administration, 
maintenance and additional options. As a result, the availability of SSD capacity may vary.
*2 Usability of all connected devices is not guaranteed.
*3 Use the included HDMI cable.
16
Specifications
Battery type CR2032
Contact information for battery BASICEL, Hangzhou Powerpack Battery Co., Ltd
RM 1307, Block A, Shipping Mansion, Shangcheng District, 
Hangzhou, China
DBV, Double Best Corporation Limited
5F, No. 37 Ln. 221 Gangqian Rd. Neihu Dist, Taipei City 114. 
Taiwan
Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc.
1-7-1 Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-0075 Japan
DualSense® wireless controller
Input power rating 5 V  1 500 mA
Battery type Built-in lithium-ion battery
Battery voltage 3.65 V 
Battery capacity 1 560 mAh
Mass Approx. 280 g
Operating temperature 5 °C to 35 °C
Disc drive (Only when the console has a disc drive installed)
Playable discs
PlayStation®5 format Ultra HD Blu-ray™ *1
Supported PlayStation®4 format Blu-ray™ *2
Ultra HD Blu-ray™
BD-ROM
BD-R
BD-RE*3
DVD-ROM
DVD+R/RW
DVD-R/RW
AVCHD
Optical drive (read-only)
BD-ROM (66 GB/100 GB) ~10×CAV 
BD-ROM (25 GB/50 GB) ~8×CAV
BD-R/RE (25 GB/50 GB) ~8×CAV
DVD ~3.2×CLV
Laser
Type: Semiconductor, continuous
BD Wavelength: 395-415 nm
 Power: Max. 1 mW
DVD Wavelength: 640-675 nm
 Power: Max. 1 mW
*1 PlayStation® format software, PlayStation®2 format software, and PlayStation®3 format  
software cannot be played from a disc.
*2 Some functionalities available on PS4® may be absent when played on PS5. Your PS5  
may need to be updated to the latest system software. Internet connection required.
*3 Playback of BD-RE ver. 1.0 discs is not supported.
17
System software
Use of this PlayStation®5 console means acceptance of Sony Interactive Entertainment 
Inc.’s system software licence agreement. Refer to doc.dl.playstation.net/doc/ps5-eula/ 
for further details.
If you cannot update over the internet, you can also use a game disc or USB drive.  
For details, visit playstation.com/system-software/.
By updating the system software of the PS5 console, you can enjoy additional features, 
improved usability, and enhanced security. Always update to the latest version.
Compliance information
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits set out in the  
EU RE Directive and UK RE Regulation. Only use cables that are either a) supplied with 
the equipment, b) official PlayStation accessories or c) less than 3 metres in length.
This product has been manufactured by or on behalf of Sony Interactive Entertainment 
Inc., 1-7-1 Konan Minato-ku Tokyo, 108-0075 Japan.
Imported into the United Kingdom and distributed by Sony Interactive Entertainment 
Europe Limited, 10 Great Marlborough Street, London, W1F 7LP, United Kingdom.
Inquiries related to product compliance in the UK should be sent to the manufacturer’s 
authorised representative, Sony Europe B.V., The Heights, Brooklands, Weybridge, 
Surrey KT13 0XW, United Kingdom.
Imported into Europe and distributed by (except the UK) Sony Interactive Entertainment 
Ireland Limited, 2nd Floor, 2/3 Rogers Lane, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Inquiries related to product compliance in the EU should be sent to the manufacturer’s 
authorised representative, Sony Belgium, bijkantoor van Sony Europe B.V., 
Da Vincilaan 7-D1, 1930 Zaventem, Belgium.
FOR CUSTOMERS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM
A moulded plug complying with BS1363 is fitted to this equipment for your safety and 
convenience. Should the fuse in the plug supplied need to be replaced, a 5AMP fuse 
approved by ASTA or BSI to BS1362, (i.e., marked with  or  mark) must be used.  
If the plug supplied with this equipment has a detachable fuse cover, be sure to attach 
the fuse cover after you change the fuse. Never use the plug without the fuse cover.  
If you should lose the fuse cover, please contact your nearest Sony service station.
RE Directive “Informal DoC” statement
Hereby, Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc., declares that this product is in compliance 
with the essential requirements and other relevant provisions of Directive 2014/53/EU.  
For details, please access the following URL: https://compliance.sony.eu
UK RE Regulation “Informal DoC” statement
Hereby, Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc., declares that this product is in compliance 
with the relevant statutory requirements. For details, please access the following URL: 
https://compliance.sony.co.uk
UK Product Security and Telecommunications Infrastructure Act 2022 –  
Part 1 Informal Statement of Compliance
Hereby, Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc., declares that this product complies with  
the applicable security requirements in Schedule 1 of the Product Security and 
Telecommunications Infrastructure (Security Requirements for Relevant Connectable 
Products) Regulations 2023. For full details including the minimum length of time for 
which security updates for this product will be provided, please access the following 
URL: https://compliance.sony.co.uk
18
Compliance information
This radio equipment is intended to be used with the approved version(s) of software 
that are indicated in the EU/UK Declaration of Conformity. The software loaded on this 
radio equipment is verified to comply with the essential requirements of the Directive 
2014/53/EU and Regulation S.I. 2017 No.1206. The software version can be found via: 
Select Settings  > System > System Software > Console Information.
Wireless frequency band and maximum output power:
 – Bluetooth® 2.4 GHz: less than 10 mW
 – WLAN 2.4 GHz: less than 100 mW
 – WLAN 5 GHz: W52/W53/W56: less than 100 mW, W58: less than 25 mW
 – WLAN 6 GHz: less than 100 mW
This radio equipment was evaluated as receiver category 1 defined in EN 300 440 V2.1.1.
The following restrictions of use apply in the countries listed in the table below
Kosovo
AT BE BG CY CZ 
DE DK EE ES FI 
FR UK EL HR HU 
IE IT LT LU LV 
MT NL PL PT RO 
SE SI SK CH TR 
IS LI NO AL BA 
MK MD RS ME GE 
UK(NI)
Operation in the 5150-5350 MHz and 5945-6425 MHz bands are restricted to indoor  
use only. Installations in road vehicles, trains and aircraft are not permitted for  
5250-5350 MHz band.
Product Ecodesign
For resource and energy efficiency information related to the EU Ecodesign requirements 
of the Regulation (EU) No 801/2013 and also the European Union Self-Regulatory 
Initiative to further improve the energy efficiency of Games Consoles (recognised  
under COM(2015) 178 final report of the European Commission), visit the following  
URL: playstation.com/Ecodesign
For resource and energy efficiency information related to The Ecodesign  
for Energy-Related Products and Energy Information (amendment) (EU Exit)  
Regulations 2019 and also the UK Games Console Voluntary Agreement,  
visit the following URL: playstation.com/Ecodesign
Disposal of waste electrical equipment and batteries (applicable in the 
European Union and other countries with separate collection systems)
Where you see this symbol on any of our electrical products, battery or on the packaging 
it indicates that the relevant electrical product or battery provided with this product shall 
not be treated as household waste in EU, UK, Türkiye or other country with a separate 
waste collection system available.
To ensure correct waste treatment, please dispose of the relevant electrical product or 
battery via an authorised collection facility, in accordance with any applicable laws or 
requirements. In some countries waste electrical products may also be disposed of free 
of charge via retailers when buying a new product of the same type. Furthermore, within 
the UK and EU, larger retailers may accept small waste electronic products free of charge 
– check service availability with your retailer.
Where a product has an incorporated battery for safety, performance or data integrity 
reasons, the battery included should be replaced by qualified service staff only. At 
end-of-life, hand over the product at the appropriate collection point for the correct 
treatment. For all other batteries, please view the section on how to remove the battery 
from the product safely. Hand the battery over to the appropriate collection point for the 
recycling of waste batteries.
By ensuring that the product or battery is disposed of correctly, you will help prevent 
potentially negative consequences for the environment and human health which could 
be caused by inappropriate waste handling.
In so doing, you will help to conserve natural resources and improve standards of 
environmental protection in treatment and disposal of electrical waste.
The above symbol may be used on certain batteries in combination with a chemical 
symbol, for example, the chemical symbol for lead (Pb) is added if the battery contains 
more than 0.004% lead.
For more detailed information about recycling of this product or battery, please contact 
your authorised collection facility, your household waste disposal service or your retailer.
19
Copyright and trademarks
“ ”, “PlayStation”, “ ”, “PS5”, “PS4”, “DualSense”, “DUALSHOCK” and  
“PlayStation Shapes Logo” are registered trademarks or trademarks  
of Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc.
“SONY” and “ ” are registered trademarks or trademarks of Sony Group Corporation.
AMD, Radeon and Ryzen are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
The Bluetooth® word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by  
Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such marks by Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc.  
is under license. Other trademarks and trade names are those of their respective owners.
“Blu-ray Disc™”, “Blu-ray™” and “Ultra HD Blu-ray™” are trademarks of the  
Blu-ray Disc Association.
The terms HDMI, HDMI High-Definition Multimedia Interface, HDMI Trade dress  
and the HDMI Logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing 
Administrator, Inc.
The SuperSpeed USB 10Gbps Trident logo is a registered trademark of  
USB Implementers Forum, Inc. USB Type-C® and USB-C® are registered trademarks  
of USB Implementers Forum.
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
20
21
22
23
Quick Start Guide
Learn how to set up your PS5 console and how to use basic functions in the included 
Quick Start Guide.
User’s Guide
Find out about everything your PS5 console can do. Learn how to configure settings and 
how to use each function. To see the User’s Guide, you’ll need an internet connection.
From your PS5 console’s home screen, go to Settings  > Guide & Tips, Health and 
Safety, and Other Information > Guide and Tips > User’s Guide.
Customer Support Website
Find online support information such as step by step troubleshooting  
and frequently asked questions by visiting playstation.com/help.
The information contained in this manual is subject to change without notice.
The commercial use or rental of this product is prohibited.
© 2024 Sony Interactive Entertainment Europe Limited.