DualSenseTM Wireless Controller
Instruction Manual
CFI-ZCT1W
Before use
 ˎ Carefully read this manual and any manuals for compatible hardware. Retain 
instructions for future reference.
 ˎ Always update your PlayStation®5 system software and the wireless controller device 
software to the latest version.
Warning
Use of Headsets or Headphones
Permanent hearing loss may occur if headsets or headphones (not included) are used  
at high volume. Set the volume to a safe level. Over time, increasingly loud audio may 
start to sound normal but can actually be damaging to your hearing. If you experience 
ringing or any discomfort in your ears or muffled speech, stop listening and have your 
hearing checked. The louder the volume, the sooner your hearing could be affected.
Handling lithium-ion batteries
Do not handle damaged or leaking lithium-ion batteries. If the internal battery fluid 
leaks, stop using the product immediately and contact technical support for assistance. 
If the fluid gets on to your clothes, skin or into your eyes, immediately rinse the affected 
area with clean water and consult your physician. The battery fluid can cause blindness.
Radio waves 
Radio waves may affect electronic equipment or medical devices (for example, 
pacemakers), which may cause malfunctions and possible injuries. If you use  
a pacemaker or other medical device, consult your doctor or the manufacturer of your 
medical device before using the wireless networking feature (Bluetooth® and wireless 
LAN). Do not use the wireless networking feature in the following locations: Areas  
where wireless network use is prohibited, such as in hospitals. Abide by medical 
institution regulations when using the console on their premises. Areas near fire  
alarms, automatic doors and other types of automated equipment.
Magnets
This product has magnets which may interfere with pacemakers, defibrillators and 
programmable shunt valves or other medical devices. Do not place this product close  
to such medical devices or persons who use such medical devices. Consult your doctor 
before using this product if you use such medical devices.
Precautions
Safety
This product has been designed with the highest concern for safety. However, any 
electrical device, if used improperly, has the potential for causing fire, electrical shock  
or personal injury. To help ensure accident-free operation, follow these guidelines. 
Observe all warnings, precautions, and instructions. If you are unsure about any 
information in this manual, contact the appropriate PlayStation® customer service 
helpline which can be found within the Guarantee booklet. 
 ˎ Stop use and disconnect any cables immediately if the device functions in an 
abnormal manner, produces unusual sounds or smells or becomes too hot to touch. 
 ˎ Avoid playing when you are tired or need sleep. 
Use of the vibration of the wireless controller 
 ˎ If the wireless controller is sitting on a flat surface, the vibration of the wireless 
controller during gameplay may cause it to fall, leading to injury or malfunction. 
 ˎ Do not use the vibration or trigger effect function if you have any ailment or injury  
to the bones, joints or muscles of your hands or arms. If you have an ailment or  
an injury, do not play titles with these features using the controller unless you  
have set those functions to “Off”. To enable or disable the features, select  
Settings  > Accessories from the home screen of the PS5™ console.
Small children injuries 
Keep this product out of the reach of small children. Small children may swallow small 
parts or may wrap the cables around themselves, which may inflict injury or cause an 
accident or a malfunction. 
Volume level
 ˎ To protect your hearing, limit the amount of time you use the headset or headphones 
at high volume. 
 ˎ Avoid raising the volume to block out noisy surroundings. 
 ˎ Lower the volume if you can’t hear people speaking near you. 
Use and handling
Breaks 
 ˎ Avoid prolonged use of the console. Take a 15-minute break during each hour of play.
 ˎ Avoid playing when you are tired or need sleep. 
 ˎ Stop using the product immediately if you begin to feel tired or if you experience 
discomfort or pain in your hands or arms while operating the wireless controller.  
If the condition persists, consult a doctor. 
 ˎ If you experience any of the following health problems, discontinue use of the console 
immediately. If symptoms persist, consult a doctor. 
 — Dizziness, nausea, fatigue or symptoms similar to motion sickness 
 — Discomfort or pain in a part of the body, such as eyes, ears, hands or arms 
Static shock 
When using headsets or headphones in particularly dry air conditions, you may 
sometimes experience a small and quick (static) shock on your ears. This is a result  
of static electricity accumulated in the body, and is not a malfunction of your headset  
or headphones. 
Motion sensor 
When using the motion sensor function of the wireless controller, be cautious of the 
following points. If the controller hits a person or object, it may cause accidental injury 
or damage. 
 ˎ Before using the motion sensor function, make sure you have enough space  
to move around. 
 ˎ Firmly grip the wireless controller to prevent it from slipping out of your grasp and 
causing damage or injury. 
 ˎ If using a wireless controller that is connected to the PS5 console with a USB cable, 
make sure there is enough space for the cable so that the cable will not hit  
a person or object. 
Light bar 
Do not stare at the light bar on the controller when it is blinking. If you experience 
discomfort or pain anywhere in or on your body from light stimulation, discontinue  
use immediately. 
Placing and handling
 ˎ Do not use the cables if they are damaged or modified.
 ˎ Do not place the product on surfaces that are unstable, tilted or subject to vibration.
 ˎ Do not place the product on the floor or in a place where they may cause someone  
to trip or stumble.
 ˎ Do not allow liquid or small particles to get into the product. 
 ˎ Do not touch the product with wet hands.
 ˎ Do not touch the product during an electrical storm.
 ˎ Do not place heavy items on the product, accessories, or cables, throw or drop the 
product, or otherwise expose it to strong physical impact.
 ˎ Do not stand on or put objects on the product.
 ˎ Do not touch the ports or insert any foreign objects into the product.
 ˎ If there are pieces of dust or foreign objects on the connectors, remove them with  
a dry cloth before connecting.
 ˎ Never disassemble or modify the product.
 ˎ The product and its parts are made from metal and plastic materials. When disposing 
of the product, follow local regulations for the proper disposal of such materials.
Cleaning
Follow the instructions below to help prevent the product exterior from deteriorating  
or becoming discoloured. 
 ˎ Wipe with a soft, dry cloth. 
 ˎ Do not apply insecticides or other volatile substances. 
 ˎ Do not place any rubber or vinyl materials on the product exterior for an extended 
period of time. 
 ˎ Do not use solvents or other chemicals. Do not wipe with a chemically-treated 
cleaning cloth. 
Storage conditions
 ˎ Do not expose the product or battery to high temperatures, high humidity or direct 
sunlight during operation, transportation and storage. 
 ˎ Do not leave the product in a car with the windows closed, particularly in hot weather. 
 ˎ Do not expose the product to dust, smoke or steam. 
Hardware part names
Front
A ) Directional buttons
B )  (create) button
C ) Light bar
D ) Touch pad/touch pad button
E ) Player indicator
F )  (options) button
G ) Action buttons 
 button/  button/  button/  button
H ) Right stick/R3 button
I ) Speaker
J )  (PS) button
K ) Headset jack
L ) Microphone
M )  (mute) button
N ) Left stick/L3 button
Top
A ) R1 button
B ) R2 button
C ) USB port
D ) L1 button
E ) L2 button
Pair your controller
The first time you use the controller, you’ll need to pair it with your PS5 console.
1 Turn on your console.
2 Connect the controller to your console using the USB cable included  
with your console.
3 Press the  (PS) button. 
The controller powers on. After the light bar blinks, the player indicator lights up. 
Charge the controller
Use the USB cable included with your console to connect the controller to your PS5 
console when your console is turned on or in rest mode. While in rest mode, the light 
bar on the controller slowly blinks orange. When charging is complete, the light bar 
turns off.
Hints
 ˎ To charge the controller while your console is in rest mode, you have to first enable 
this feature. For details, refer to the PS5 User’s Guide.
 ˎ You can also charge the controller by connecting the USB cable to a computer or other 
USB device. Use a USB cable that complies with the USB standard. You might not be 
able to charge the controller on some devices.
Battery
Caution – using the built-in battery:
 — This product contains a lithium-ion rechargeable battery.
 — Before using this product, read all instructions for handling and charging the battery 
and follow them carefully.
 — Take extra care when handling the battery. Misuse can cause fire and burns.
 — Never attempt to open, crush, heat or set fire to the battery.
 — Do not leave the battery charging for a prolonged period of time when the product 
is not in use.
 — Always dispose of used batteries in accordance with local laws or requirements.
Battery life and duration
 ˎ The battery has a limited lifespan. Battery charge duration gradually decreases with 
repeated usage and age. Battery life also varies depending on the storage method, 
usage state, environment and other factors.
 ˎ Charge in an environment where the temperature range is between 10 °C and 30 °C. 
Charging may not be as effective when performed in other environments.
 ˎ Battery duration may vary depending on the usage condition and environmental factors.
When not in use
When the controller is not used for an extended period of time, it is recommended that 
you fully charge it at least once a year in order to maintain its functionality.
Specifications
Design and specifications are subject to change without notice. Depending on the 
software version in use, the PS5 console may operate differently than described  
in this manual.
Input power rating 5 V  1 500 mA
Battery type Built-in lithium-ion battery
Voltage 3.65 V 
Battery capacity 1 560 mAh
Operating temperature 5 °C to 35 °C
Mass Approx. 280 g
Country of Production China
GUARANTEE
This product is covered for 12 months from date of purchase by the manufacturer’s 
guarantee provided by Sony Interactive Entertainment Europe Limited of 10 Great 
Marlborough Street, London, W1F 7LP, United Kingdom. Please refer to the guarantee 
supplied in the PS5 package for full details or visit: 
https://www.playstation.com/legal/warranties/accessories/
This product has been manufactured by or on behalf of  
Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc., 1-7-1 Konan Minato-ku Tokyo, 108-0075 Japan.
Imported into the United Kingdom and distributed by: Sony Interactive Entertainment 
Europe Limited, 10 Great Marlborough Street, London, W1F 7LP, United Kingdom.
Inquiries related to product compliance in the UK should be sent to the manufacturer’s 
authorised representative, Sony Europe B.V., The Heights, Brooklands, Weybridge, 
Surrey KT13 0XW, United Kingdom.
Imported into Europe and distributed by (except the UK) Sony Interactive 
Entertainment Ireland Limited, 2nd Floor, 2/3 Rogers Lane, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Inquiries related to product compliance in the EU should be sent to the manufacturer’s 
authorised representative, Sony Belgium, bijkantoor van Sony Europe B.V., Da Vincilaan 
7-D1, 1930 Zaventem, Belgium.
For customers in the EU, UK and Türkiye 
EU RE Directive “Informal DoC” statement
Hereby, Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc., declares that this product is in compliance 
with the essential requirements and other relevant provisions of Directive 2014/53/EU. 
For details, please access the following URL: https://compliance.sony.eu
The frequencies used by the wireless networking feature of this product are the 2.4 GHz 
(Bluetooth®) range.
Wireless frequency band and maximum output power:
– Bluetooth® 2.4 GHz: less than 10mW.
UK RE Regulation “Informal DoC” statement
Hereby, Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc., declares that this product is in compliance 
with the relevant statutory requirements. 
For details, please access the following URL: https://compliance.sony.co.uk
The frequencies used by the wireless networking feature of this product are in the  
2.4 GHz range.
Wireless frequency band and maximum output power:
– Proprietary 2.4 GHz: less than 10 mW.
Where you see either symbol on any of our electrical products, batteries or packaging,  
it indicates that the relevant electrical product or battery should not be disposed  
of as general household waste in the EU, UK, Türkiye, or other countries with separate 
waste collection systems available. To ensure correct waste treatment, please dispose  
of them via an authorised collection facility, in accordance with any applicable laws  
or requirements. Waste electrical products and batteries may also be disposed of  
free of charge via retailers when buying a new product of the same type.  
Furthermore, within the UK and EU countries larger retailers may accept small waste 
electronic products free of charge. Please ask your local retailer if this service is available 
for the products you wish to dispose of. In so doing, you will help to conserve natural 
resources and improve standards of environmental protection in treatment and disposal 
of electrical waste.
This symbol may be used on batteries in combination with additional chemical symbols. 
The chemical symbol for lead (Pb) will appear if the battery contains more than 0.004% 
lead.
This product contains a battery which is permanently built-in for safety, performance  
or data integrity reasons. The battery should not need to be replaced during the lifetime 
of the product and should only be removed by skilled service personnel. To ensure the 
correct waste treatment of the battery, please dispose of this product as electrical waste.
“ ”, “PlayStation”, “PS5”, “DualSense” and “PlayStation Shapes Logo” are registered trademarks  
or trademarks of Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc. 
“SONY” and “ ” are registered trademarks or trademarks of Sony Group Corporation.
The Bluetooth® word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any 
use of such marks by Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc. is under license. Other trademarks and trade 
names are those of their respective owners.
Information about open source software is available at doc.dl.playstation.net/doc/ps5-oss/.
playstation.com
© 2023 Sony Interactive Entertainment Europe Limited. All rights reserved.